Fixed typos and readability improvements in Role Based Access Control Good Practices (#34210)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/rbac-good-practices.md

### Least privilege

Ideally, minimal RBAC rights should be assigned to users and service accounts. Only permissions 
explicitly required for their operation should be used. While each cluster will be different, 
some general rules that can be applied are :

 - Assign permissions at the namespace level where possible. Use RoleBindings as opposed to 
   ClusterRoleBindings to give users rights only within a specific namespace.
 - Avoid providing wildcard permissions when possible, especially to all resources.
   As Kubernetes is an extensible system, providing wildcard access gives rights

>    not just to all object types present in the cluster, but also to all future object types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   not just to all object types that currently exist in the cluster, but also to all future object types
```

The meaning of presently here seems to be "existing in the cluster at the present time"

Author: True, made changes according to your suggestion.

### Access to `proxy` subresource of Nodes

Users with access to the proxy sub-resource of node objects have rights to the Kubelet API, 
which allows for command execution on every pod on the node(s) to which they have rights. 
This access bypasses audit logging and admission control, so care should be taken before 
granting rights to this resource.

### Escalate verb

Generally, the RBAC system prevents users from creating clusterroles with more rights than 

> they possess. The exception to this is the `escalate` verb. As noted in the [RBAC documentation](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#restrictions-on-role-creation-or-update),

Reviewer: nit: I feel like this could be "more rights than the user possesses" to avoid confusion

Author: made changes according to your suggestion.

### Access to `proxy` subresource of Nodes

Users with access to the proxy sub-resource of node objects have rights to the Kubelet API, 
which allows for command execution on every pod on the node(s) to which they have rights. 
This access bypasses audit logging and admission control, so care should be taken before 
granting rights to this resource.

### Escalate verb

> Generally, the RBAC system prevents users from creating clusterroles with more rights than the user possesses. The exception to this is the `escalate` verb. As noted in the [RBAC documentation](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#restrictions-on-role-creation-or-update),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generally, the RBAC system prevents users from creating clusterroles with more rights than the user possesses. 
The exception to this is the `escalate` verb. As noted in the [RBAC documentation](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#restrictions-on-role-creation-or-update),
```
